Turn their resume into a visual masterpiece.
Margins.
Setting proper margins for the document ensures the information fits within the readable space on the
page.
If you have a very short resume with a lot of dark space, one inch margin will likely be the best option
to create a wealth based document.
If you require more space to describe your relevant skills and experience, then you might reduce your
margins to 0.75 inches.
If you decide to adjust your margins, you should keep them at or above.
0.5 inches.
Also left.
Align all the text on your resume.
Since is the easiest form for review is to read.
Font choice.
When deciding what font to use, keep in mind that it should be clear and easy to read.
Making sure employers don't have to work to understand the words and the recipe is the most important
factor when choosing a font.
You should also avoid light or fine fonts, which can sometimes be difficult for people to read on a
screen or paper.
Generally, you should stay between ten and 12 points if you have a short recipe in there trying to
fill space selected 12 point font.
Anything larger than that might appear as unprofessional.
There are two main categories of fonts serif and sensory.
Serif fonts have tails while sorcery fonts do not.
Sorcery fonts or fonts without tails are generally good fonts for resumes because they have clean lines
that are easy to read.
Headers.
Balding, underlining or increasing the font size by one or two points for section headers can help
employers quickly find the information they are looking for.
Be careful that when formatting section headers they should be differentiated from this section, but
in a clean and a professional way, you can work your headers in a few different ways.
For instance, you can use a bald font on your section headers to increase the size of your section
headers fonts to 12 or 14 points and underline your section headers where needed.
Gallerist Kim added color to your resume makes it stand out from the resumes of other job seekers and
makes your application look more appealing.
Using colour when the resume radically increases a candidate's chance to land an interview.
But be careful recall colorful resume can sometimes come across as unprofessional, especially if it's
difficult to read.
So how do you choose colours?
First, avoid using bright colours.
Stick to using darker colours on your resume.
And you can also make one colour dominant, one secondary, and use the third to place emphasis.
Let's see, two examples.
The first resume is for a project manager position.
We picked two complementary colours Dark Blue, which will be used for headings and a yellow orange
color to highlight certain sections.
The second example is a resume for a graphic designer position.
We picked his primary and secondary color, two different types of blue, and we use black and bold
to emphasize certain details.
If you are not sure about the choice of your colors, the easiest way is to refer to an online color
palettes generator.
Personally, I find it easy to use the color wheel from Canva.
You will find the link under the resources section.
Using templates to create a resume.
A template is a great way to save time and create a professional looking application.
It also ensures that you don't forget to include any necessary to resume a section, but choose it wisely.
Make sure all the content on your resume is unique and that you use it.
Template design that is appropriate for your target job attention.
Though most of fancy resume templates cannot be read by the applicant tracking system that most of the
companies are using today.
It is estimated that up to 75% of resumes are rejected for online jobs just because its context tracks
information it needs.
Due to the happy design.
So make sure you use a design which is atheist friendly.
Feel free to download ideas friendly resident templates to get inspired for your own designs.
And let's conclude we've been looking at the margins.
So state between a one and 0.5 inches font type sans serif.
So the font without.
Font size stay between ten and 12 points.
Header sections stay between 12 and 14 points and use a bold font colors.
You can use a primary and a secondary color or two complementary colors.
You can refer to the color wheel from combat and get inspired, but use your own template.